	For our project, our group built an Android App where users can create, find, and join events. We used XML for the app design and layout, Java for the app logic, and Firebase for our database. Throughout the semester, our team used multiple tools, techniques, and conventions for our project, some which worked better than others.

	A tool/technique that were essential to working well as a team was using Pivotal Tracker to keep track of user stories. This allowed members to keep track of the tasks’ progress, and assign roles for each user story. It also helped us organize our git branches with the help of user story IDs. A tool that worked well for our team was Google Firebase. Firebase was easy for our team to start using, as Android Studio had tools to help for integrating it into our app. It was also really easy to learn how to write and read data, with the help of official Firebase docs and tutorials. Lastly, conventions that worked well for our team was commenting code and detailed commit messages. By commenting code, it led to less confusion for other members reading their work. By providing detailed commit messages, it allowed the team to keep track of each user story’s progress.

	A convention that did not work well for our team was duplicating code. Our code could have been neater if we put duplicate code in a new file and call it from there. A tool our team had difficulty with was the Google Maps API. Implementing the maps within our app was more difficult than expected and delayed our sprint progress a bit. Another tool that we had difficulty with was using Android Fragments for some parts of the user interface. Using fragments would have made our code neater also, but our team had difficulty properly implementing it within our app.

	If we had to continue working as a team, we would follow that same Agile process, but add a few extra things to help with problems we had. One thing we should do is spend time separating stories into clear tasks. Our team did not give detailed tasks to some of the user stories which led to confusion on whether it met the criteria a user would have when using the app. Also, this would allow us to more accurately assign the tasks without members doing overlapping work. Another thing our team would do is lay out a general schedule we want to have for the sprint. For some sprints, our team rushed to fix problems with our app due to multiple members working a few hours before the deadline. By laying out a schedule, it will help us prevent situations like these and give us more time to test for problems.
